ENH: Update external Eigen from release 3.4 to master (#4265)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITK: Modules/ThirdParty/Eigen3/src/itkeigen/README.kitware.md

 process.

* Add `.gitattributes` to avoid failures in ITK's content checks.
* Integrate the CMake build with ITK's module system.

> * Mangle all exported symbols to live in a `itkeigen` namespace when the CMake
>   option ITK_EIGEN_MANGLE is enabled (OFF by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expect `Eigen` include directory to live in a `itkeigen` sub-directory when the CMake
  option ITK_EIGEN_MANGLE_INCLUDE_DIR is enabled (ON by default).
```
